Accumulated Changes from UKAEA Pilots (#252)
carpentries-incubator/python-intermediate-development: slides/README.md

# Note for using slides

Some quick information about how to use the slides when delivering the course.

> The slides themselves are written in Jupyter notebooks which has the built-in capability to produce slides. At the moment, the final HTML is not stored, so you need to have Jupyter installed. A virtual environment with a subsequent `pip` command is recommended:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The slides themselves are written in Jupyter notebooks, which have the built-in capability to produce slides. At the moment, the final HTML version of slides is not included, so you need to have Jupyter installed in order to render them. A virtual environment with a subsequent `pip` command is recommended to "run" the slides:
```
